MsgDropRequest: msg no can be zero (#102)
Haivision/srt-rfc: draft-sharabayko-srt.md

### Message Drop Request {#ctrl-pkt-dropreq}

A Message Drop Request control packet is sent by the sender to the receiver

> when a retransmission of an unacknowledged packet (forming a whole or a part
> of a message) which is not present in the sender's buffer was requested.
> This may happen, for example, when a TTL parameter (passed in the sending function) triggers a
> timeout for retransmitting lost packets which constitute parts of a message, causing
> these packets to be removed from the sender's buffer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when a retransmission of an unacknowledged packet (forming a whole or a part
of a message) which is not present in the sender's buffer is requested.
This may happen, for example, when a TTL parameter (passed in the sending function) triggers a
timeout for retransmitting one or more lost packets which constitute parts of a message, causing
these packets to be removed from the sender's buffer.
```

Too Late Packet Drop mechanism ({{too-late-packet-drop}}) causes the sender
to drop a message, as in this case the receiver is expected to drop it anyway.

> A Message Drop Request contains message number and corresponding range of packet sequence numbers
> which form the whole message. If sender does not (already) have a certain packet in its buffer,
> then it is unable to restore the message number. In this case the  Message Number field
> must be set to zero, and receiver should drop packets in the provided packet sequence numbers range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Message Drop Request contains the message number and corresponding range of packet sequence numbers
which form the whole message. If the sender does not already have in its buffer the specific packet or packets for 
which retransmission was requested, then it is unable to restore the message number. In this case the Message 
Number field must be set to zero, and the receiver should drop packets in the provided packet sequence number range.
```
